
1. Not ideal for surface-level understanding: The book is called the bible of Algorithms because of it vast coverage of the subject, in-depth and thorough coverage of topics, and mathematical rigor. So, if you are looking to learn topics only at the surface-level as opposed to in-depth learning, then CLRS may not be the ideal source.
2. Needs patience: The book delves into the details slowly. The authors start off by giving a high-level/abstract view of the topics, and slowly get to the details. This can be both enjoyable/convenient and annoying depending on the level of familiarity the reader has with the topic at hand. Beginners may find this useful and illuminating (I personally loved it), whereas for those in need of a quick lookup, this may be annoying.
3. Need to know discrete math: You need to know a fair bit of discrete math to handle this book. If not extensively, at least topics like permutations and combinations, summations, probability, mathematical logic, recurrence relations are essential.
4. Mathematically rigorous: If you are looking for a non-mathematical treatment of Algorithms, then CLRS may not be the right choice. CLRS is mathematically rigorous and formal with a significant number of proofs.
5. Comfort with writing proofs: Proofs are a big part of this book. Comfort with writing and reading proofs will help a long way in better assimilating the material. Familiarity with different proof techniques like induction, contradiction etc. is essential.
6. Try exercises: The problems are of varying levels of difficulty and nature. Trying to solve them usually enhances understanding and exposes the gaps in understanding. It makes sense to implement the algorithms as computer programs. Writing detailed proofs can improve proof-writing skills.
7. Need to know at least one programming language: Algorithms can be written in pseudocode but there is the risk of losing the details. Implementing the algorithms as computer programs will solidify understanding and expose gaps in understanding. 

